the key vocabulary hire someone to nudge
her hire someone to nudge her say it with
me, nudge her pretty good, excellent
again, nudge pretty good, great chilling
relajándose say it with me chilling
pretty good, once again chilling pretty
good, while she's chilling at her
favorite coffee shop while she's chilling
at her favorite coffee shop next one si
si is ver right, si, say it with me si
pretty good, excellent, once again si
pretty good I see you like coffee
I see you like coffee
I see you like coffee obsessed
obsesionado obsessed example sentence
yeah, I'm very obsessed or I'm obsessed
ok, so, say it with me obsessed pretty
good, excellent once again obsessed
pretty good, nice next one grab grab ok,
and in this sentence grab es tomar y en
esta oración sería grab a coffee every
morning ok grab a coffee every morning
say it with me grab pretty good once
again grab nice now love es cuando le
encanta algo ok, for example I love
coffee I love coffee me encanta el café
eso quiere decir que me gusta muchísimo
más que like so say it with me love
pretty good, excellent love ok I want you
to get los dientes estos dientes
superiores a los labios inferiores love
love you pretty good great job missing
missing perdiendo ok missing perdiendo
cuando estás missing algo te estás
perdiendo de algo you're missing the
opportunity te estás perdiendo la
oportunidad flying volando ok say it with
me flying pretty good flying pretty nice
great flying volando ok ok now feel es
sentirse feel sentir o sentirse for
example do you feel lonely do you feel
lonely say it with me feel you pretty
good nice once again feel great job think
think ojo con la K pronunciala bastante
pronunciado o bastante fuerte mejor dicho
think think think think you pretty good
excellent again think pretty nice great
job daughter daughter daughter hija
daughter say it with me daughter you
great job again daughter great job great
job so example sentence Marta and Alberto
have a 30 year old 35 year old daughter
named Sandra next one career career una carrera
career ojo el acento lo hacemos ahí
career say it with me career pretty good once
again
career
pretty nice great job she's killing it in
her career career she's killing it in her career
se lo está haciendo muy bien a su carrera
career next one plan they cooked up a
plan plan ok they cooked up de acuerdas a
cooked up idearon plan un plan say it
with me plan pretty good once again plan
come on am plan pretty good excellent pet
pet pet te recuerdas de esa verdad pet
mascota pet mascota puede ser un dog un
cat a bird a rabbit todos son pet pretty
good excellent partner partner partner
part en esa part hacemos como una pausa
seca partner partner partner ok practica
lo conmigo ponte la mano el estomago la
barriga el vientre como le quieras llamar
it's part y botas todo el aire partner
partner ok partner ojalá se vea partner
say with me partner partner
pretty good excellent great job partner
es una pareja so take the place of a
lifetime partner tomar el lugar de una
pareja de por vida partner partner
platica esa partner pretty good great job
and now human
ojo que la h suena como si fuera una jota
human human you pretty good excellent
once again human
pretty
good
nice example sentence replace a human
being so that was everything bye bye te
veo en la siguiente lección see you in
the next lesson